# VIRTUAL EVENT PLATFORM

## Abstract:

<p style="text-align: justify;text-justify: inter-word;">This project is an Event management portal that is implemented on a website. This project gives feature of remotely creating, removing, information retrieval, allotting tasks to different participants, etc.  In an event.  This project is capable of providing all the important access to the admin and all the people related to a particular event. It gives Event Manager Access to see participants and guest list.  Also,  he/she  will  be  able to  create  or  delete  an  event.  This  project  will  reduce  paperwork  and manpower  hence  creating  a  hassle-free  way  of  managing  an  event.  Every event requirement will be traceable.  One  would  be able  to  collect feedback  from  people  and  improve  according  to  that  feedback.  Volunteer  can  be  invited  and  duties  can  be assigned  to  them  also  revenue  collection  can  be  monitored  through  this  platform.  The  purpose  of  creating  this  project  is  to digitalize the processes involved in an event, also it is easy to access so one can access it anytime and anywhere and perform a manage an event. It provides most of the basic functionality required by any event manager to smoothly run the event. This is to satisfy the needs of event manager as well as participants of event. They can enter their data and register for the event. This data is then sent to administrator, which in turn can contact the participants.</p>
